Go to Stocktwits I posted data , last 2 weeks institutions held stock have increased, Motley and Zacks brain wash retailers - institutions are buying more and moreI am long (very long) Wish and will never sell. I think Wish will bottom around $1.50. Wish has very high gross margins and no debt, so there is no chance of bankruptcy. Their shipping time has improved. Their problems (mostly dishonest merchants) are fixable. Before rushing out and loading up on Wish, I recommend buying a couple of items from Wish just to see for yourself why Wish customers aren’t spreading the news (or are and its not good) and what needs to be fixed. In all fairness, Amazon went through the same problems. Amazon’s third party sellers were initially a disaster."In the fourth quarter of 2021, traffic to the entire ContextLogic website decreased by 15.91% compared to the total estimated number of visits globally. This, in turn, indicates that the company may post disappointing quarterly results overall."

"may", lol.

What I'm looking forward to is how much cash is left when the asteroid strikes on March 7. My guess is 600 million with no relief from the cash burn in sight.
MoreReceived my first order from Wish in only 5 days. The good news: I paid $7 for shipping and estimate the it actually cost half that. Very profitable. The bad news: I didn’t get what I ordered. The web site is intentionally misleading. And it’s not just this one merchant. I searched for a piano keyboard stand, saw pictures of keyboard stands, read descriptions of keyboard stands, the words keyboard stand appeared in my purchase order, but I received a music stand. There were two clues that something was wrong. The purchase order showed a picture of a music stand and the low price. I am not complaining about losing $20. I an complaining about all the money I’ve invested in this scam. I hope the new CEO fixes this problem, because if not, we can all kiss this investment goodbye.
More$2.00 under then $1.50 WISH is doomed they will chp.11 into oblivion!Do yourself a favor and buy something from Wish before buying another share of stock. My recent experience of bate and switch has been going on for years. Wish can’t grow until they get rid of their bad merchants.Bought a few shares at $2.24