Hello from Europe. Nothing is happening with Russia. It happens that the world's largest power, the USA, wants the EU to buy expensive USA gas instead of cheap Russian gas.
I feel sorry for the Ukrainians who now live in fear but they are just victims of big games.
The world's largest power is also a superpower in the field of information. So they spread the story through the media that the war has just begun. And in reality there is none of that. In the end, the same media will tell you how Russia gave in under NATO pressure, even if the real danger of war did not exist. WIN WIN SITUATION FOR USA. Usa is the world's greatest power and they are GREAT MASTERS OF FOREIGN POLICY. Take the opportunity to buy cheap stocks. Buy when everyone is scared and sell when everyone buys!
Morewhy do you think that wish cannot return $24 before the end of the year? or earlier? after all, she was able to fall from these figures in six months, which means that she can return it in the same way, nothing is impossibleI saw their Valentine ads on Tiktok and Instagram and like them. So I bought 5k shares yesterday just in time for the uptrend today. Plan to buy more shares later.In the name of the father son and of the holy spirt please short squeeze to the moon !Wish at $20 within 12 months..this is just the startWish will be over $32-$64 within 2-3 years and $128+in 5.Look, everyone knows Wish sells cheap stuff, so do dollar stores and people love them!Still only 80% down,can we do this everyday 😆!Wish clips!Wish is a once in a lifetime opportunity.Wallstreetbets Wish short squeeze is coming.On February 10, 2022, JPMorgancase announced the sale of all PUT options, increasing its equity position in return.
Reference: A put option is a contract that gives the owner of a financial instrument the right to sell assets at a predetermined price at a predetermined time. It is similar to a short position in stock trading. The trader also has the right to sell the contract before the agreed time if the market situation has changed.
On February 11, 2022, General Atlantic Llc reported holding 16,888,478 Wish shares.
New CEO Wish Tanzeen Syed has been on the Board of Directors of General Atlantic Llc since 2013.
In total, over the past 3 trading days, the number of new institutionals in Wish has increased by 15
MoreThere's good news going on with wish. Everybody is excited.Why did this jump today? Simply, it’s grossly undervalued in a bloated Market. Look at the cash on hand, the revenues, and current valuation. You’ll get your answer.If you really think that Russia will attack Ukraine, go to the bookmaker and ask how much they will offer you for such a bet? It will give you $ 5 per investment. And then ask how much they offer you if you bet there will be no attack? You get $ 1.10 on 1 bet. Imagine Russia occupying Ukraine, what did they get? Sanctions from around the world. And Ukraine has nothing that Russia needs. Russia has all the gas, oil, ore and Ukraine does not. And then what to do with 40 million Ukrainians? Buy stocks while everyone panics for no reason. Buy when everyone is scared and sell when everyone buys! Warren Buffett.
MoreWish is worth ipo price $24 with steady growth much moreWish clips, it's a start, in the right direction. I've already have fams asking about wish and seeking to buy stuff.If you see negative news, then you need to buy. If only good news is heard everywhere, it is necessary to sell. Manipulate the market like thisThe fall in prices due to the Russia-Ukraine crisis is ridiculous. As someone who is tied to Russia on business, I can only say that the phrase Russia is attacking Ukraine is a fabrication of the USA-UK, in order to sharpen the relations between Russia and Ukraine. Divide and Conquer. There will be no war. Take advantage of the fear of buying cheap stocks. Buy when everyone is scared and sell when everyone buys! Woren Buffett.Wish is showing a lot of support here over the past month, building a solid base. What was once a risky investment is looking pretty good for a comfortable entry point here.Good news tomorrow! $3+
Good luck!$1 is imminent ! I will buy from there !Wish's percentage of shorted shares keeps on dropping and institutions keep adding more shares.As an excellent connoisseur of the Russian-Ukrainian problem, I guarantee you that there is no chance that Russia will attack Ukraine. This tension suits the interests of the USA and that is all. Maybe because the EU starts buying more expensive gas, oil and raw materials from the USA? Imagine Russia occupying Ukraine! And then what to do with 40 million people? They would get sanctions from all over the world. Putin is wise, not crazy. He will never do that. It's like the USA is occupying Mexico. What do they need that for? And then what? Ukraine has no raw materials, oil, gas ... Russia has it all. What would occupy Ukraine then? TAKE THE OPPORTUNITY TO BUY CHEAP ACTIONS WHILE EVERYONE IS SCARED AND PRICES ARE LOW!
MoreWish is going to trade sideways until we see input from Talwar on the strategy and what by when in terms of return to revenue/MAU growth and break even. There has been no meaningful news other than naming Talwar as CEO and Jackie stepping down from the board. Actions show that wish continues to execute on the plan by setting up merchants as invite only, wish clips, and continuing to hire/fill open requisitions. The key takeaways from the 13F due 2/15/22 from Q4 2021 is that:

1)institutional ownership increased 20%+ from 28.9% to 35.9%
2) Vanguard means business and added another 1 million shares to their cache
3) Two sigma(hedge fund quant firm with algos) upped their stake by 400% to 5.8 million shares while Renaissance capital closed their position

This should not be a determining factor for investing but should be part of your overall due diligence. Bashers have an agenda just like HF have an agenda and wait till the last day to file. These guys do not want to be transparent because it might actually help retail. Downside is limited but inflation and Ukraine will be a narrative smart money will leverage for the first part of 2022 to keep this between $1.80 and $3. Long and strong.
MoreWe are coming into a long holiday weekend in the states. Volume was already low with only 8 million non-synthetic shares traded yesterday. Expect some nice accumulation points today through Tuesday as the algos play. They are designed to ladder price down on low volume days. Expect a whole bunch of FUD from our favorite bashers asnd remember wealth transfers from the impatient to the patient. Know what kind of investor you are.I just entered 3000 shares at 2.26Someone just bought 5 million shares! Nice.Being optimistichave been holding 4k shares since July. Averaged down to 8 and not selling until 16$+Run baby run 🆙Funny how investor place articles on Wish suddenly stoppedevery stock that came out last year is down 80 to 90 percent not just wish so hold on we will be rewarded while those are trying to catch up and buy as Wish soars to new highs and higher highs and keeps going higher. Till then we just cruising into the futureIts gonna look alot like ISPO today. one day at 12 dollars next day 60 dollarsinflation is good for wish stock. looking forward to q4 earning. squeeze.......19 more institutions bought Wish shares in 4 weeks according to YF100 soon and then 300. Think GameStop explosion but bigger. Quiet 🤫Ground launch sequencer initiated!Where’s zacks report today about wish’s big move ahead of sector performance? They were quick to report yesterdayOut of all of us only a fraction of us will still be holding when we 100x in 10 years. Does anyone know how much a house hold name is worth? 7/10 people know what wish is , 4/10 have purchased off of it. This reminds me of when Warren Buffet bought Coca Cola for $3 a share. In the 90’s when a bank was worth 20B not 200B people thought could you imagine? Lol see ya at the top JdawgOh. new CEO, new news, new squeeze :)Long-term $100-$200+.Drop the buyout offers !I have feeling buy out news soooon….. once it’s confirm, stock jumped to $13 plusThe percentage of the shares shorted has dropped a few points this past week and institutional holders has increased from like 180 to 200+.It is possible that this is an introduction to short squeeze today!Add more quality merchants, remove the bad ones and shorten the delivery time. Surely it will attract more business.After only 2 hours, the average daily traffic has already been reached!Success doesn’t comes overnight.10% swings for Wish are so common the past few months it doesn’t even phase me. I’m not selling under $20 anyways so no big deal!Credit Suisse AG has raised its positions by 671.3 %Looks like Reses out might be a good thing for the company.
She did a good job with the hiring and we hope the CEO will now take things fowardI think the Apple Wish App has updated allowing people to browse without needing to sign up ... I just downloaded it and where it ask me to log in I clicked “skip” and it’s open and able to browse ... this should help them get customers instead of deterring them from the site 👍Wish will be break even or show a small profit by the end of next quarter.I live in the US and they updated my app for Android so I can browse without signing in. This new update will be rolled out across all markets over time.In 2000 Amazon was almost 90 dollar per share. But things was changed in the year of 2001. Per share price dropped to 5.97.

All news was bearish about Amazon.According to the SNAP numbers and metric, if Wish can report 500M in revenues and be profitable it should hit a 30B valuation. Apples to Apples I know, but 10B valuation could happen quick.Crazy volume, epic squeeze in progress. We could see a run up to 5$ this week.$WISH $GPCO $CLOV believe it or not, this is the way! Hold tight brother, Sister apes!! Think positive. Stay positive. Have patience. Rome wasn’t built in a day.Benzinga article:Should Amazon or Alibaba Buyout Context Logic?
All shorts need to cover immediately before a Wallstreetbets short squeeze back to 32.00+.Not much time before that happens.😆Wish has all more active products, battery, home improvement, metal, mobiles. The price is 40% less than Amazon and other online market/local market. Only it's matter of public get comfort, I order wish two years back it was different, I bought last month in wish it is too quick and great delivery result. I have confidence on this company now!!! Again it's matter of public aware of this recent change. I am sure this stock might reach $100+ when that happened over the next few months, years.double digits by summerMany Amazon Prime members are cancelling their membership due to new price hikes. It is more convenient to shop on Amazon but prices are no longer cheap compared to other sites.

https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/417033Is Amazon Buying Wish? $8billion?WISH delivered last two products in FedEX. Great follow-up updates in email, whatapp and notification. I am very impressed for sure FedEX and Wish partnership making wonder. This was same with Amazon many years with UPS.Thank you Vijay J. take us to the moon!!My average is $12. I'm a bag holder.
I've held Foot Locker bags also at the mall.WISH will get bought $8-$15 chare -$8billion+

Look all mergers and buyout Spirit airlline, -TTWOZynga, Activision-MSFT, Peleton via AMAZON!
MoreAMZN was around $4 to begin 1998, by the end of 1999 it was up in the $70. I expect Wish to follow the same chart.The number of institutional holders keeps going on up while the percentage of shares sold short keeps dropping.morgan stanley, owns 2774447 shares, worth more than 15 million dollars, the average share price is more than 5 dollars, do you think they want to lose half of their money? I think not and they will wait for a price above their averageSHORT SQUEEZE IS YUST STARTED!She didn’t really
Do all that much being completely honest.Holding long and strong for $32+.
Sell half and let the rest ride to $200+.“Wish has all the ingredients to be a true leader in the ecommerce space - a great product, an engaging and entertainment-driven social platform, a strong user base, and a world-class team that is highly motivated to deliver on the turnaround plan,” said Mr. Talwar. “I am eager to apply my own experience within the retail and ecommerce space to further refine our focus and put the business back onto a path of growth. I firmly believe the best years for Wish are right ahead of us.”ContextLogic Appoints Vijay Talwar As CEOIt dont matter up 20 dollars down 20 up 40 down 30 they plan is hold till 150 dollars. If it takes 10 years itll all be worth itI Wish Upon a Star. Lets Go2.75 is possible today!And we fly!
Thumbs up if you have been under the water and ready to become rich!!!!Wish Appoints Vijay Talwar as CEO
Jan 31, 2022 at 4:20 PM EST20% gain yesterday yet Crazy how people expect to make money in a day or two, relax guys. If you can’t hold, sell and be out. Go gamble at the casino. PeaceWish are getting delivery trucks and drivers for same day shipping and credit card this is big.Who ever Shorted Wish in the low to mid $2 range is going to get ruined financially, they may never recover.Welcome new CEO.... value price is 17 …This should be higher with the new CEO. Buy shares instead of optionsnew ceo let the squeeze beginJP Morgan yesterday 2/3/22 sees Wish as underweight vs all e-commerce peers overweight with the exception of eBay (neutral)google will buy wish we hope thatGo to 30$New CEO who last was CEO for Foot Locker Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA)!!!! Prior to joining Foot Locker, Mr. Talwar held several senior executive positions at online jewelry retailer, Blue Nile Inc., where he built its international business from scratch and established a customer-focused culture that led to strong revenue growth. Earlier in his career, Mr. Talwar held various executive roles within Nike, Inc., the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation, Bain & Company and Deloitte & Touche LLP.$15 by December..We are complaining about a 2%+ day and third green day of the week?Wish will immediately correct to the upside to Wish's true fair value of $12.50-$17.00.$50 by end of the yearNew CEO is another poach!!! Viljay Talwar started out as President of Digital for Foot Locker in North America before stepping into being promoted to Global Head of Digital = e-commerce perfect for Wish which is global. He repositioned digital to the fastest growing and most profitable segment within Foot Locker’s portfolio. He was then promoted to CEO of Foot Locker's Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) business, he was credited with building a strong, customer-focused, omni-channel retail business and increasing sales, profitability, and market share.My eggs are all in this basket and the basket is falling from the Empire State Building. When is wish going to finally be worth something????￼￼Wish will have its day. Just not todayJust 3 months ago Wish cost $ 6.25 nothing is falling at that rate and there was no bad news 90 days back.Does this initiate a short squeeze tomorrow?There are some rumors that Amazon will make a download offer! 20$Hope they keep heavily shorting Wish, gives me the opportunity to add more shares and once profitability is reached the squeeze will take us to ath, easy 2000% gains here thank you shorts2.35 is now the thing of the past, we are heading into 3 dollars and beyond, hold long and strong 15k shares at 2.38 lets go wish!!!I figured it would get below $2.50 because of option flookery but not plunge that far.Wish partnered with Deliverr to have 2 day shipping. “The new partnership will empower Wish eCommerce merchants to keep up with consumer demand for fast shipping. It’s a familiar goal for Deliverr, who has close partnerships with marketplaces and sellers. Existing retailers have seen as much as a 900% sales boost after implementing fast delivery with Deliverr.”According to technical analysis Wish should reach $4-4.50 in coming weeksAnd we fly AH!!!!Been one hell of a year for Wish investors but one thing I'm certain is Wish has a star management to make the plan work. With their experience and proven record MM and HF can manipulate sp all they want, but Wish will keep improving their financials trough profitability and then institutions will pump this up. Have a little patience Rome wasn't built in a day!New York, NY, based Investment company Mackay Shields Llc (Current Portfolio) they added WishLet's go Vijay!I see we have a few pessimist parties on this board and a lot of over exaggerated bullish Individuals. The truth is, like I said, this company Is pretty solid If you actually shop on it and not only trying to make a quick dollar. Don't get me wrong, I trade as well. But this I'm holding and it will soon be In double digits. Mark my words.No one wants to miss a short squeeze for a few cents lower price. In the remaining 99.9% of people bought Wish over $ 10. This is a great opportunity to get rich!I’m the name of the father son and the whole spirit please go up 30$ this month !Down 90% only to go up $2,500%.Another top Google employee Inhan Kang hired as Product Manager. All the recent hires of Google execs / management positions, makes it appear something big is going to be announced with Google. Maybe a partnership of some sort. Google’s (YouTube, search engine , etc) advertising platform and Wish’s e-commerce platform working together will make this one of the biggest e-commerce companies in the world.Why doesn’t Wish give quarterly earnings every 3 months ? ... just wondering why last report was on 11/10 and 4th quarter doesn’t happen on 2/1044,991 shares @ $2.79 per share average

I'm hoping to add another 55,009-75,009 shares

This will be a 5-7 year hold for me
MoreWish is up almost 30% in the past few days. A little pullback is to be expected and actually quite healthy for the long term trend upward that has begun.Institutions holders increased by 6 in one week 180 to 186Wen Lambo??Why WISH stock could double! Trading at $2.40 a share early Monday, January 31st, there is no question WISH is a cheaply priced stock. WISH can be compared to Amazon and Overstock. Earnings report for this past Holiday season should show big growth. People who buy in now, could see their positions double and more. I am bullish on this start-up internet retail company that has a platform for huge potential success and upside. WISH will be thriving over the next few years as more companies add their products to its already huge success.

The other day, I was watching a cooking show and the chef referenced WISH’s website as being a place where he bought some products that he’s using on the show. I am VERY bullish on WISH.

It’s a STRONG buy from me!
More$WISH has a network of 53,000 local brick-and-mortar stores around the world that act as micro warehouses for in-store pickups.  Buy $Wish now while it is a bargain. Fair market value should be at least $24.February 1st Google is reporting and possibly making an announcement, coincidence?And so the turnaround beginsFor a long time, they manipulated the price of Wish, which has a debt of $ 0.18 per share and a cash capital of more than $ 2 per share. Now the short one will pay the price. Short squeeze!Jackie was on the board to put together the management team that'll lead Wish in the right direction. she did just thatSHORT SQUEEZE!!!National Bank of Canada bought over 1 million shares todayVery important... the new CEO repositioned digital to the fastest growing and most profitable segment within Foot Locker’s portfolio and thus was promoted to CEO before being poached by WISHLong, but pretty sad new CEO didn't boost sp any higher.. we need a good Q4 to see a big move!! But thankfully my oil is holding strong along with my small position in Rivn!!squeeze time.. lesson: don't short an undervalued stock $WISH time is nowDon't worry shorts will have to cover, enjoy the discounted shares 🤗1200 shares and 32 call options. I'm not rich and this is pretty much it. My well being depends on WISH. Let's go!!!!!when this hits 10 dollar's in the near future. People are going to realized it was a mistake not buying at these prices, Yes! I was fooled and purchased high but looking at the intrinsic value of this stock, it made no sense not to stay on board. The reality is, I shop on wish, aside from the extra few days I have to wait for the product. There's a lot of sexy products that Amazon doesn't have at a lower cost. Good luck longs.My dear brothers & sisters whoever invested on this, I have a question to ask you. How many times you heard people saying, “I should have kept this stock, I should have kept that stock. Then I could have make lots of money today.” Probably so many times you also did that but don’t do it this time. I know it’s taking our so much patience but guess what! Worst probably already happened to all of us. Almost all of us lost 50-60-70% now if we sell now it doesn’t make any sense to sell it here. We must wait.
I already answered why we should wait.$20 within 12mosWish buyout will happen! Amazon, Shop, Spot, Etsy, Pintrest, ebay, Paypal, Walmart, or partnership with retailer like Target will send this squeezing to $15!!

$8bill!Bought a few thousand shares after hours. Hope to sell other tickers and buying more tomorrow before $WISH go over $10.Vanguard 6% ownership eew.I'm still here 35.5k shares strong. I'm excited I might be able to buy an additional 64.5k-84.5k shares at my desired price points. My current average is under $3 per share :)Investorplace made another article to bush wish again.Green! How about a major squeeze end of day today !?All the Indian CEOs get stuff done!

Look at Google, Microsoft, IBM, Adobe, Mastercard, Nokia, PANW, Micron and Twitter’s latest CEO!this is going to be future AmazonPeter lynch - “It’s good when the market goes down, if you like a stock at $14 and it goes to $6 that’s great. If you understand the company and you look at the balance sheet and there doing fine and your hoping to get to $22 with it $14 to $22 is good, $6 to $22 is exceptional. So you take advantage of these declines.”up to $5 nex monthNice dip by algo's!!I thought there would be more excitement here today, oh well. No big deal, I’m not selling under $20 anyways.David1 hour ago
Tomorrow $3.15

To brag a little.
Morelooks nasdaq has strong base in mid term. let's go Wish !!See $ 9.51 on August 9 and $ 6.23 on August 19, a 40% drop in 10 days. It will also increase 40% in 10 days with the first good news.