ContextLogic (WISH) Director of Product Tarun Jain said: “The future is in discovery commerce, and we are deepening our investment in new user-centric products and features to bring this element of exploration to life. Wish Clips helps users visualize the product better and enjoy a more immersive interactive experience. For merchants, Wish Clips provides a great opportunity to showcase their brand's personality and style while stimulating product familiarity as part of a familiar shopping experience.” “We created a one-of-a-kind shoppable video player to drive commercial inspiration like never before. The response from our users and sellers has been great so far. We look forward to completing the roll out of Wish Clips to our entire user base soon,” added Jane. Wall Street Analyst Opinion Recently, Stifel analyst Scott Devit maintained his Hold rating on ContextLogic and lowered his price target from $5 to $3 (13 upside). .21%). The consensus forecast is Hold (based on 3 unanimous Hold recommendations). ContextLogic's average target price of $4.17 suggests upside potential of 57.36%. The company's stock is down 89.3% over the past year.Website TrafficBestStocks, a website traffic tracking tool using data from SEMrush Holdings, the world's largest website usage monitoring service, provides insight into ContextLogic's performance this quarter.Using the tool , we may have noticed a downward trend in website traffic. In the fourth quarter of 2021, traffic to the entire ContextLogic website decreased by 15.91% compared to the total estimated number of visits globally. This, in turn, indicates that the company may post disappointing quarterly results overall.
More200 shares at 3.20$ slowly averaging down at this point might as well holdwhat are the chances this even goes back to around $10?Jacqueline Reses, Executive Chairman of Wish, said: “The foundation of this plan is to build and maintain trust with our customers and deliver a differentiated and engaging experience. In doing so, we look forward to delivering long-term growth and a sustainable economy for our e-commerce platform.”

She concluded, “By doubling down on the most frequent shoppers, we'll find out which features and products are most likely to drive our user base to buy on Wish. We are confident in our ability to recover growth in the second half of 2022 while generating significant shareholder value over time.”

reduction of advertising
exit from unprofitable markets
Designation, exemplary seller

What else will Jacqueline Reses do before the March report, in the long run?
But so far everything is going according to the scenario that they voiced.

Share your thoughts
MoreI couldn’t find anywhere in the news that Jackie is leaving.. where did you guys find that news?outperform markets today